mirrors edge is a radical departure from
the games that swedish-based dice
usually makes known for their
battlefield series dice has left the
familiarity of online shooters for a
game that feels much more like a
first-person prince of persia
the concept of mirrors edge is awesome
you run along rooftops negotiating
acrobatic puzzles to get away from a
nasty totalitarian government fifth can
do various leaps grab slides and rolls
with just three buttons while the
controls are intuitive allowing players
to get into a good flow over time I
would have liked to see faith with more
moves at her disposal mirrors edge is
based on the acrobatic high jinks of
parkour runners but doesn't have quite
the same pizzazz when you're doing the
same movements over and over again other
than that dice nailed the sense of
motion with clever use of the camera and
even included faiths body in the frame
at certain points musette is at its best
when you hit a solid rhythm and nail
moved in quick succession for such a new
mechanic Amir's pulls it off with great
success the visual style is also cool
some may be turned off by the simple
primary colors but it does sell the
whole oppressive totalitarian government
angle however character models could be
better and there are some aliasing
issues in the environment you'll also
see a lot of similar-looking levels so
be prepared to jump off the same looking
plank again and again indoor
environments are also kind of drab in a
I've been in this room 50 times but last
time the boxes were green kind of way
the game's repetition in linear nature
is its biggest drawback yeah these
behind the game are solid but it feels
too constricting there's also one point
that you head towards and maybe two or
three different ways to reach that point
if you're lucky the mechanics deserve a
much more open world with more choices
of how to get to places it's odd that a
game that emphasizes free-form running
always asks you to do the same types of
things combat is also clunky hits often
don't register and you'll have to use
reaction time to disarm bad guys because
the timing is so unforgiving it just
doesn't look or feel that good also
enemy AI is bad guys want to stand
around and shoot you without moving just
waiting for you to put a shotgun round
into their chest sadly the story isn't
very good either there's a pretty
interesting setup with the courier's
being the only outlet for communication
but the actual narrative is cliched the
characters aren't engaging in the
animated cutscenes look like rejected
esurance commercials which will be a
turn-off for some recon
we exist on the edge between the glass
and the reality
to top it all off mirrors edge is also
short it will take you less than six
hours during your first playthrough
there's a cool time trial mode we try to
beat levels and cut seconds to put your
time on the leaderboards but this feels
like it should have been part of a much
larger multiplayer mode don't raced
against other people just their times
mirrors edge is full of great ideas that
don't quite come together in the end I
liked what they were going for and hope
that there is a sequel that expands and
refines their core mechanics and if you
do have any interest in this game
definitely try it out this really is one
of those titles that will click with
some and not for others for me it's just
not quite there yet for the full written
review head on over to IGN com